mini-feat(docs) Improvements to the layer documentation (#2390)
zmkfirmware/zmk: docs/docs/behaviors/layers.md

Often, you may want a certain key position to alter which layers are enabled, change the default layer, etc.
Some of those behaviors are still in the works; the ones that are working now are documented here.

:::note

> Activating a layer will not disable layers higher up in the "layer stack". See [Layers](../features/keymaps.mdx#layers) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiple layers can be active at the same time and activating a layer will not deactivate layers higher up in the "layer stack". See [Layers](../features/keymaps.mdx#layers) for more information.
```
